[docs][joy] Fixed a typo in `Using icon libraries` page (#35989)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/guides/using-icon-libraries/using-icon-libraries.md

```

:::warning

> Because `@mui/material` is a required dependency of `@mui/icons-material`, you can add a workaround with yarn resolutions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because `@mui/material` is a required dependency of `@mui/icons-material`, you have to add a workaround with yarn resolutions:
```

Author: Thank you 😇
